Major refactor of `FieldBoundaryConditions` (#1843)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/model_setup/boundary_conditions.md

## Building boundary conditions on a field

To create a set of [`FieldBoundaryConditions`](@ref) for a temperature field,
we write

```jldoctest
julia> T_bcs = FieldBoundaryConditions(top = ValueBoundaryCondition(20),
                                       bottom = GradientBoundaryCondition(0.01))
Oceananigans.FieldBoundaryConditions, with boundary conditions
├── west: Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition
├── east: Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition
├── south: Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition
├── north: Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition
├── bottom: BoundaryCondition{Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.Gradient, Float64}
├── top: BoundaryCondition{Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.Value, Int64}
└── immersed: BoundaryCondition{Oceananigans.BoundaryConditions.Flux, Nothing}
```

> If the grid is horizontally-periodic, then each horizontal `DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition`
> is converted to `PeriodicBoundaryCondition` inside the model constructor, before assigning the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the grid is, e.g., horizontally-periodic, then each horizontal `DefaultPrognosticFieldBoundaryCondition`
is converted to `PeriodicBoundaryCondition` inside the model's constructor, before assigning the
```
